---
Title: "Helm Repository Data Source"
Description: |-
    Read the Helm Repository from TMC.
---

# Helm Repository

This resource allows you to read Helm Repository from a cluster through Tanzu Mission Control.

The Available tab on the Catalog page in the Tanzu Mission Control console shows the Helm repositories that are available.

[Helm]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-2602A6A3-1FDA-4270-A76F-047FBD039ADF.html


## Cluster scoped Helm Repository

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Read Tanzu Mission Control helm repository : fetch helm repository details
data "tanzu-mission-control_helm_repository" "get_cluster_helm_repo" {
  name = "test-helm-repository_name"

  metadata_name = "test_namespace_name"

  scope {
    cluster {
      name                    = "testcluster" # Required
      provisioner_name        = "attached"    # Default: attached
      management_cluster_name = "attached"    # Default: attached
    }
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the Helm Repository, having one of the valid scopes: cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the helm repository.
- `namespace_name` (String) Name of Namespace.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec for the Helm Repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (Map of String) Status for the Helm Repository resource.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster



<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) URL of helm repository.