---
Title: "Helm Charts Data Source"
Description: |-
    Read the Helm Charts from TMC.
---

# Helm Charts

This resource allows you to get list of Helm Charts through Tanzu Mission Control.

The Helm charts tab on the Catalog page in the Tanzu Mission Control console shows the Available Helm charts.

[Helm]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/standalone-components/tanzu-mission-control/1-4/tanzu-mission-control-documentation/tanzumc-using-GUID-2602A6A3-1FDA-4270-A76F-047FBD039ADF.html


## Organization scoped Helm Charts

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Read Tanzu Mission Control helm charts : fetch helm charts details
data "tanzu-mission-control_helm_charts" "get_cluster_helm_repo" {
  name = "test_name"

  chart_metadata_name = "test_metadata_name"

  repository_name = "test_repository_name"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `chart_metadata_name` (String) Name of the helm chart.
- `name` (String) Version of helm chart such as 0.5.1
- `repository_name` (String) Name of helm repository.

### Read-Only

- `charts` (List of Object) List Helm charts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--charts))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--charts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charts`

Read-Only:

- `chart_metadata_name` (String) Name of the helm chart.
- `name` (String) Version of helm chart such as 0.5.1
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec for the Helm chart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--charts--spec))

<a id="nestedobjatt--charts--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charts.spec`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) The chart API version.
- `app_version` (String) Application version of the chart.
- `dependencies` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--charts--spec--dependencies))
- `deprecated` (Boolean) Whether this chart is deprecated.
- `kube_version` (String) A SemVer range of compatible Kubernetes versions.
- `released_at` (String) Date on which helm chart is released.
- `sources` (List of String) List of URLs to source code for this project.
- `urls` (List of String) List of URLs to download helm chart bundle.
- `values_config` (String) Default configuration values for this chart.

<a id="nestedobjatt--charts--spec--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charts.spec.dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Alias to be used for the chart.
- `chart_name` (String) Name of the chart.
- `chart_version` (Boolean) Version of the chart.
- `condition` (String) Yaml path that resolves to a boolean, used for enabling/disabling charts.
- `import_values` (List of String)Holds the mapping of source values to parent key to be imported.
- `repository` (List of String) Repository URL.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags can be used to group charts for enabling/disabling together.