---
Title: "Kubernetes Secret Resource"
Description: |-
    Creating the Kubernetes Secret resource.
---

# Kubernetes Secret

Manage a Kubernetes Secret using this Terraform module.

In managed clusters, both attached and provisioned, you can create Kubernetes Secret that you can manage through Tanzu Mission Control.

To create a cluster secret, you must be associated with the cluster.admin role

[cluster Secret]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-BBE2404D-C2EE-41C7-B639-C0322783A74D.html

## Policy Scope and Inheritance

In the Tanzu Mission Control resource hierarchy, there is currently one levels at which you can specify cluster secret resources:
- **Kubernetes objects** - `cluster` block under `scope` sub-resource   

**Note:**
The scope parameter is mandatory in the schema and the user needs to add one of the defined scopes to the script for the provider to function.
Only one scope per resource is allowed.

## Cluster scoped cluster secret

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read Tanzu Mission Control kubernetes secret : fetch namespace details
data "tanzu-mission-control_kubernetes_secret" "read_secret" {
  name                    = "tf-secret" # Required
  namespace_name          = "tf-secret-namespace-name" # Required 

  scope {
    cluster {
        cluster_name            = "testcluster"  # Required
        provisioner_name        = "attached"     # Default: attached
        management_cluster_name = "attached"     # Default: attached
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the secret resource.
- `namespace_name` (String) Name of Namespace where secret will be created.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the secret having one of the valid scopes for secret: currently we have only cluster scope (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Optional

- `export` (Boolean) Export the secret to all namespaces.
- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))
- `org_id` (String) ID of Organization.
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec for the kubernetes secret (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (Map of String) Status for the Secret Export.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster secret full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster



<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `docker_config_json` (Block List, Min: 1) SecretType definition - SECRET_TYPE_DOCKERCONFIGJSON, Kubernetes secrets type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--docker_config_json))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--docker_config_json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.docker_config_json`

Required:

- `image_registry_url` (String) SecretType definition - Server URL of the registry.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) SecretType definition - Password of the registry.
- `username` (String) SecretType definition - Username of the registry.
