---
Title: "Repository Credential Data Source"
Description: |-
    Creating the Repository Credential data source.
---

# Repository Credential

The `tanzu-mission-control_repository_credential` data source allows you to get repository credential to a particular scope through Tanzu Mission Control.

Repository credentials are used to authenticate to Git repositories and must be created before adding your Git repository.
To create a repository credential, you must be associated with the cluster.admin or clustergroup.admin role.

[repository-credential]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/standalone-components/tanzu-mission-control/1-4/tanzu-mission-control-documentation/tanzumc-using-GUID-657661A2-B26E-412A-9A46-7467A44A075A.html

## Repository Credential Scope

In the Tanzu Mission Control resource hierarchy, there are two levels at which you can specify repository credential resources:
- **object groups** - `cluster_group` block under `scope` sub-resource
- **Kubernetes objects** - `cluster` block under `scope` sub-resource

**Note:**
The scope parameter is mandatory in the schema and the user needs to add one of the defined scopes to the script for the provider to function.
Only one scope per resource is allowed.


## Cluster group scoped Repository Credential

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Read Tanzu Mission Control source secret : fetch cluster group source secret details
data "tanzu-mission-control_repository_credential" "read_cluster_group_source_secret" {
  name = "tf-source_secret" # Required

  scope {
    cluster_group {
      name = "default" # Required
    }
  }
}
```

## Cluster scoped Repository Credential

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Read Tanzu Mission Control source secret : fetch cluster source secret details
data "tanzu-mission-control_repository_credential" "read_cluster_source_secret" {
  name = "tf-source_secret" # Required

  scope {
    cluster {
      cluster_name            = "testcluster" # Required
      provisioner_name        = "attached"    # Default: attached
      management_cluster_name = "attached"    # Default: attached
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the source secret.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the source secret, having one of the valid scopes: cluster, cluster_group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))
- `org_id` (String) ID of Organization.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `spec` (List of Object) Spec for source secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))
- `cluster_group` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster group full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster_group))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster


<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the cluster group



<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `data` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--data))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Read-Only:

- `ssh_key` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--data--ssh_key))
- `username_password` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--data--username_password))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--data--ssh_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.ssh_key`

Read-Only:

- `identity` (String)
- `known_hosts` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--data--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data.username_password`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String)
- `username` (String)
