---
Title: "Tanzu Mission Control Provider"
Description: |-
  The Tanzu Mission Control provider facilitates provisioning of Tanzu Mission Control Resources through Terraform plugin.
---

# Tanzu Mission Control Provider

Manage your Kubernetes clusters in Tanzu Mission Control using this Terraform provider.
The Tanzu Mission Control provider facilitates the provisioning of resources that you can use to manage Tanzu Kubernetes Grid workload clusters (and other conformant Kubernetes clusters) in Tanzu Mission Control.
For more information, please refer [What is Tanzu Mission Control][vmware-tanzu-tmc] in VMware Tanzu Mission Control Concepts.

[vmware-tanzu-tmc]: https://tanzu.vmware.com/mission-control

To use the **Tanzu Mission Control provider** for Terraform, you must have access to Tanzu Mission Control through an VMware Cloud services organization.
Prior to initializing this provider in Terraform, make sure you have the following information:

- The endpoint for your Tanzu Mission Control organization.
- An active API token.

To gather this information, you need to do the following:

1. [Log in to the Tanzu Mission Control console.][login]

    After you have logged in, the domain in the URL displayed in your browser represents the endpoint for your organization.

    For example, the URL for the Clusters page in the Tanzu Mission Control console is something like this:

    `my-org.tmc.cloud.vmware.com/clusters`

    Here, the endpoint is `my-org.tmc.cloud.vmware.com`

[login]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-855A8998-E19A-46AC-A833-12C347486EF7.html

2. In the Tanzu Mission Control console, click on your name in the top right corner, and then click **My Account**.

3. On the My Account page of the VMware Cloud Services console, click the **API Tokens** tab.

From this page, you can generate a new API token, and then copy it to use for the Tanzu Mission Control provider in Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "tanzu-mission-control" {
  endpoint            = var.endpoint            # optionally use TMC_ENDPOINT env var
  vmw_cloud_api_token = var.vmw_cloud_api_token # optionally use VMW_CLOUD_API_TOKEN env var

  # if you are using dev or different csp endpoint, change the default value below
  # for production environments the vmw_cloud_endpoint is console.cloud.vmware.com
  # vmw_cloud_endpoint = "console.cloud.vmware.com" or optionally use VMW_CLOUD_ENDPOINT env var
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **endpoint** (String)
- **vmw_cloud_api_token** (String, Sensitive)

### Optional

- **vmw_cloud_endpoint** (String)