---
Title: "Helm Feature Resource"
Description: |-
    Creating the Helm Feature resource.
---

# Helm Feature

The `tanzu-mission-control_helm_feature` resource allows you to enable and disable [helm feature][helm-feature] to a particular scope through Tanzu Mission Control.

When you enable the Helm service on a cluster or cluster group, you can then create releases in your cluster from Helm charts stored in the Bitnami repository.
To enable a helm service, you must be associated with the cluster.admin or clustergroup.admin role.

[helm-feature]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/standalone-components/tanzu-mission-control/1-4/tanzu-mission-control-documentation/tanzumc-using-GUID-0927CDC8-A5C1-4FAE-9A7C-8A5D62FDF8D8.html

## Helm Feature Scope

In the Tanzu Mission Control resource hierarchy, there are two levels at which you can specify Helm Feature resources:
- **object groups** - `cluster_group` block under `scope` sub-resource
- **Kubernetes objects** - `cluster` block under `scope` sub-resource

**Note:**
The scope parameter is mandatory in the schema and the user needs to add one of the defined scopes to the script for the provider to function.
Only one scope per resource is allowed.

## Cluster group scoped Helm Feature

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Create Tanzu Mission Control cluster group scope helm feature with attached set as default value.
resource "tanzu-mission-control_helm_feature" "cg_helm_feature" {
  scope {
    cluster_group {
      name = "default" # Required
    }
  }

  meta {
    description = "Create namespace through terraform"
    labels      = { "key" : "value" }
  }
}
```

## Cluster scoped Helm Feature

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Create Tanzu Mission Control cluster scope helm feature with attached set as default value.
resource "tanzu-mission-control_helm_feature" "cl_helm_feature" {
  scope {
    cluster {
      name                    = "testcluster" # Required
      provisioner_name        = "attached"    # Default: attached
      management_cluster_name = "attached"    # Default: attached
    }
  }

  meta {
    description = "Create namespace through terraform"
    labels      = { "key" : "value" }
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the Helm feature, having one of the valid scopes: cluster, cluster_group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (Map of String) Status for the helm feature.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))
- `cluster_group` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster group full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster_group))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster


<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the cluster group



<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource
