---
Title: "Package Repository Resource"
Description: |-
    Creating the package Repository resource.
---

# Package Repository

This resource allows you to add, update, and delete package repository to a cluster through Tanzu Mission Control.

It's a Kubernetes resource which references Package Repository Bundle.It has information such as image url of Package Repository Bundle and necessary credentials to pull Package Repository Bundle.

[package-repository]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-E0168103-7A6F-4C07-8768-19D9B1EB4EFA.html


## Cluster scoped Package Repository

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Create Tanzu Mission Control package repository with attached set as default value.
resource "tanzu-mission-control_package_repository" "create_cluster_pkg_repository" {
  name = "tf-pkg-repository-name" # Required

  scope {
    cluster {
      name                    = "testcluster" # Required
      provisioner_name        = "attached"    # Default: attached
      management_cluster_name = "attached"    # Default: attached
    }
  }

  meta {
    description = "Create namespace through terraform"
    labels      = { "key" : "value" }
  }

  spec {
    imgpkg_bundle {
      image = "testImage" # Required
    }
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the package repository resource.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the package repository, having one of the valid scopes: cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) spec for package repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `disabled` (Boolean) If true, Package Repository is disabled for cluster.
- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `namespace_name` (String) Name of Namespace where package repository will be created.
- `state` (List of Object) status for package repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state))

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `imgpkg_bundle` (Block List, Max: 1) Docker image url; unqualified, tagged, or digest references supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--imgpkg_bundle))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--imgpkg_bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.imgpkg_bundle`

Required:

- `image` (String) image url string.



<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `managed` (Boolean)
- `package_repository_phase` (String)
- `subscribed` (Boolean)