---
Title: "Package Install Resource"
Description: |-
    Creating the Package Install resource.
---

# Package Install

This resource allows you to add, update, and delete package install to a cluster through Tanzu Mission Control.

To install an available package on a cluster, you must be associated with the .admin role on that cluster.

Use the Catalog page of the Tanzu Mission Control console to install a package from your repository to your Kubernetes cluster.

The Available tab on the Catalog page in the Tanzu Mission Control console shows the packages that are available to be installed, including those that are in the Tanzu Standard package repository and other repositories that you have associated with a cluster.

[package-install]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-E0168103-7A6F-4C07-8768-19D9B1EB4EFA.html


## Cluster scoped Package install

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Create Tanzu Mission Control package install with attached set as default value.
resource "tanzu-mission-control_package_install" "create_package_install" {
  name = "test-pakage-install-name" # Required

  namespace = "test-namespace-name" # Required

  scope {
    cluster {
      name                    = "testcluster" # Required
      provisioner_name        = "attached"    # Default: attached
      management_cluster_name = "attached"    # Default: attached
    }
  }

  spec {
    package_ref {
      package_metadata_name = "test-package-metadata-name" # Required

      version_selection {
        constraints = "test-version-selection" # Required
      }
    }

    path_to_inline_values = "<inline-values-file-path>"

    inline_values = { "test" : "test" } # Deprecated
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the package install resource.
- `namespace` (String) Name of Namespace where package install will be created.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scope for the package install, having one of the valid scopes: cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) spec for package install. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) status for package install. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `package_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Reference to the Package which will be installed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--package_ref))

Optional:

- `inline_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) Inline values to configure the Package Install.

Read-Only:

- `role_binding_scope` (String) Role binding scope for service account which will be used by Package Install.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--package_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_ref`

Required:

- `package_metadata_name` (String) Name of the Package Metadata.
- `version_selection` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Version Selection of the Package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--package_ref--version_selection))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--package_ref--version_selection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.package_ref.version_selection`

Required:

- `constraints` (String) Constraints to select Package. Example: constraints: 'v1.2.3', constraints: '<v1.4.0' etc.




<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `generated_resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--generated_resources))
- `managed` (Boolean)
- `package_install_phase` (String)
- `referred_by` (List of String)
- `resolved_version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--generated_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.generated_resources`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_role_name` (String)
- `role_binding_name` (String)
- `service_account_name` (String)