---
Title: "Provisioner resource in a management cluster"
Description: |-
  Provisioner resource lifecycle management.
---

# Management Cluster Provisioner

Lifecycle management of provisioner in a management cluster using this Terraform module.

Addition of a provisioner resource refers to creation of namespace in the management cluster.

### Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Service and Tanzu Kubernetes Grid vSphere
- Only provisioner read only feature is enabled for Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Service and Tanzu Kubernetes Grid vSphere management clusters.
- For a Tanzu Kubernetes cluster running in vSphere, you add a provisioner by creating
  a namespace in the management cluster, which you can do using kubectl.
  For more information, see [Create Namespaces in the Management Cluster][create-namespaces-in-the-management-cluster] in the VMware Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Product Documentation.
- For a Tanzu Kubernetes cluster running in vSphere Supervisor, you add a provisioner by creating
  a vSphere namespace in the Supervisor Cluster, which you can do in your vSphere environment.
  For more information, see Configuring and Managing [vSphere 7.x][vsphere-7.x] and  [vSphere 8.x][vsphere-8.x] Namespaces in the vSphere with
  Tanzu Configuration and Management documentation.

[create-namespaces-in-the-management-cluster]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/standalone-components/tanzu-kubernetes-grid/2-5/tkg/mgmt-manage-index.html
[vsphere-7.x]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vsphere/vsphere-supervisor/7-0/vsphere-with-tanzu-configuration-and-management-7-0.html
[vsphere-8.x]: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vsphere/vsphere-supervisor/8-0/vsphere-supervisor-services-and-workloads-8-0.html

### Example Usage

```terraform
# Create provisioner resource
resource "tanzu-mission-control_provisioner" "provisioner" {
  name               = "demo-test" # Required
  management_cluster = "eks"       # Required

  meta {
    description = "Create provisioner through terraform"
    labels = {
      "key1" : "value1",
      "key2" : "value2",
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `management_cluster` (String) Name of the management cluster. Edit operation such as create, update and delete is not supported for TKG vSphere & TKG service vSphere management cluster provisioners.
- `name` (String) Name of the provisioner

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))
- `org_id` (String) ID of the organization

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource
