---
Title: "Tanzu Observability Integration Resource"
Description: |-
   Enabling Tanzu Observability integration on a cluster or cluster group.
---

# Tanzu Observability Integration Resource

This resource enables users to activate Tanzu Observability integration on a cluster or cluster group.

For more information regarding Tanzu Observability integration, see [Tanzu Observability][tanzu-observability].

[tanzu-observability]: https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-concepts/GUID-B985DAF8-B0F0-4100-A544-382520D1FCAC.html

# Cluster Scope Integration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "tanzu-mission-control_tanzu_observability_integration" "cluster_integration" {
  scope {
    cluster {
      management_cluster_name = "MGMT_CLUSTER_NAME"
      provisioner_name        = "PROVISIONER_NAME"
      name                    = "CLUSTER_NAME"
    }
  }

  spec {
    credentials_name = "CREDENTIALS_NAME"
  }
}
```

# Cluster Group Scope Integration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "tanzu-mission-control_tanzu_observability_integration" "cluster_group_integration" {
  scope {
    cluster_group {
      name = "CLUSTER_GROUP_NAME"
    }
  }

  spec {
    credentials_name = "CREDENTIALS_NAME"
  }
}
```

# Import Tanzu Observability Integration
The resource ID for importing an existing Tanzu Observability integration should be defined by a scope type (cluster or cluster_group) followed by a colon and a proper ID according to the scope type.

## Cluster Scope Import Example
```bash
terraform import tanzu-mission-control_tanzu_observability_integration.cluster_integration cluster:MANAGEMENT_CLUSTERNAME/PROVISIONER_NAME/CLUSTER_NAME
```

## Cluster Group Scope Import Example
```bash
terraform import tanzu-mission-control_tanzu_observability_integration.cluster_group_integration cluster_group:CLUSTER_GROUP_NAME
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The scope to apply the integration on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Integration specs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `meta` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--meta))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))
- `cluster_group` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster group scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster_group))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Management cluster name
- `name` (String) Cluster name
- `provisioner_name` (String) Cluster provisioner name


<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) Cluster group name



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `configurations` (String) The expected JSON encoded input schema for the integration. Can be found in v1alpha1/integration API.
- `credentials_name` (String) Credential name is the name of the Organization's Account Credential to be used instead of secrets to add an integration.
- `secrets` (Map of String) Secrets are for sensitive configurations. The values are write-only and will be masked when read.


<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource
